Add support for NBI fetching AMOs (#247)
openshmem-org/specification: main_spec.tex

\label{subsec:shmem_atomic_xor}
\input{content/shmem_atomic_xor.tex}

> \subsection{Non-blocking Atomic Memory Operations}\label{sec:amo}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsection{Nonblocking Atomic Memory Operations}\label{sec:amo}
```

\subsection{Memory Ordering Routines}\label{subsec:memory_order}
The following section discusses \openshmem \acp{API} that provide mechanisms to
ensure ordering and/or delivery of memory store, blocking \OPR{Put}, and \ac{AMO},

> as well as non-blocking \PUT{}, \GET{}, and \ac{AMO} routines to symmetric data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as nonblocking \PUT{}, \GET{}, and \ac{AMO} routines to symmetric data
```
